README.md, before:

# Task Smasher!

Task Smasher is a life-hack website aiming to create not just a useful resource, but also a community of time-starved people -- ultimately, with the motivation of gaining more free-time. Currently, the idea is that more and more people will send in their own life-hacks, and the best of them will replace the previous winners every month. Along with helpful content, the site is designed to always have the option to join the newsletter or otherwise get in touch readily-available, since community-interaction is vital for its survival.

![Mockup](docs/readme_images/mockup.JPG)

## Features 

### Site wide
* Navigation Menu
    * Links to "Smash Those Tasks!" (home), "Our Story" (about), and Sign Up pages
    * This menu is responsive, and changes its design based on viewing device (see responsiveness section for more info).
    * The fixed position of the nav bar will keep users from having to scroll back up to the top to reach the two other pages.
    * Each page has its name underlined on the nav menu, meaning there's no way to get confused about which page a user is on.

![Nav Menu](docs/readme_images/navigation_menu.JPG)
* Footer
    * Links to Youtube, Instagram, and Facebook, all of which open in a new tab -- these are focused towards the bottom-left side of the footer.
    * A subscribe bar is present in the footer on the pages index.html and our_story.html, allowing readers to subscribe without going to signup.html.

![Footer](docs/readme_images/footer.JPG)
* Favicon
    * A miniature version of the image found on index.html on larger devices serves as the favicon.
    * By using an icon that sticks with the blacksmith aesthetic of the website, users will easily be able to tell which tab contains Task Smasher.

![Favicon](docs/readme_images/favicon.JPG)
* Satisfying Buttons
    * Interactive elements across the site are designed in such a way to make it feel good to click and hover them.
    * This means that the navbar icons show a hammer on mouseover, and a downward-facing hammer on click.
    * The center-piece images on index.html and our_story.html, as well as the signup form on signup.html, all pulse on interaction.
    * The signup button on signup.html will also change to orange on click, making the illusion of a hammer hitting hot iron when combined with the grey pulsing animation
    * The signup form in the footer has no effects like this, since that would distract from the site's main content and become awkward for the user experience.

![Buttons](docs/readme_images/satisfying-buttons.JPG)

 - Hero Image
	 * A large picture of a hammer striking the ground, surrounded by broken
   glass.
	 * This picture is present on all screens and on all devices, helping   
   maintain a consistent feel across the site.

![HeroImage](docs/readme_images/satisfying-buttons.JPG)

 - Secondary mindset box
	 * On larger devices, a box between the hero image and the page's
   content displays This box changes on every tab, with the intention of
   cheering on the page user.
	 * Each page's mindset box is focused on things to keep in mind, other
   than the signup page, which assumes the user is already aware --
   instead, it further encourages them to commit.
	 * This allows the signup page to be short and succinct, having only one
   clear thing to do with minimal distraction.
   
![Mindset](docs/readme_images/mindset1.JPG)
![Mindset](docs/readme_images/mindset2.JPG)
![Mindset](docs/readme_images/mindset3.JPG)

### Landing Page
* The life-hacks themselves
    * This is a collection of four life-hacks, initially chosen by the website creator, but with the intent of being a sort of competition.
    * Users will submit their own lifehacks through the email in the footer, or by subscribing and getting the email that way.
    * Every month, four new lifehacks will be selected for the front-page. This friendly competition will encourage users to consistently return to the site.

![Landing Page Image](docs/readme_images/life_hacks.JPG)
* Secondary attention-grabbing picture
    * On larger devices, the pictures of the lifehack are replaced by a central picture of a blacksmith.
    * This allows users on larger devices to have greater visual appeal, since the short nature of the life-hack descriptions means less interactivity on devices which require less scrolling.
    * Further, this image is interactive, pulsing when moused over.

![Blacksmith](docs/readme_images/landing_page_image.JPG)




### Story Page
* The backstory
    * The website reads left to right, taking the users on the journey of what inspired this site.
    * This page functions to both build trust in the users, and set the website apart from other life-hack sites.
    * By sharing these personal backstories, as well as a clear goal, the story page will hopefully generate a humanizing response and emotional tie-in with the users.
    * The last paragraph ends with a link to signup.html, further herding users to subscribe to the website and, hopefully, add to its content.

![story](docs/readme_images/story.JPG)
![story](docs/readme_images/story-link.JPG)

### Sign Up Page
* Quick, to the point
    * In contrast to the other two pages, this page only has a field to input their email and press subscribe.
    * While technically content that was available on the other two pages, the reasoning behind this page is to have an *extremely* clear call-to-action, as well as a reference point for the story page to lead to.
    * To compensate for relatively sparse content on this page, however, the mindset box serves as a final "closing" to get the user to subscribe to the newsletter.
    * In contrast to the footer's email form, this one is rewarding to interact with, pulsing on mouseover and activation.
    * As previously mentioned, the form button also switches color to mimic the color of steel after being hit with a blacksmith's hammer.
    * The footer on this page, rather than a second signup form, contains links to the other two pages -- just in case the user is unsure of committing just yet.
    * Successful signup leads to a success page of the CI form dump.

![Signup](docs/readme_images/signup.JPG)
![Signup](docs/readme_images/button.JPG)
![Signup](docs/readme_images/signupfooter.JPG)
![Signup](docs/readme_images/successpage.JPG)

### Existing Features

* Responsive design
* Interaction-rewarding buttons
* Pulsing main images on index.html and our_story.html
* Overall design made to reward friendly competition, repeat visits, and early committment
* Humanizing backstories, emotional tie-ins, and continuous encouragement throughout the our_story page
* Concise and blunt signup page
*  Successful signup leads to a success page
* 3 Adventure trips and information

### Features Left to Implement

* Converting the tablet view of the lifehacks into a flashcard design, flipping around to show the text on click. This will be added in a future version.
* A hall of fame page, showing previous "winners" in the competition for the relevant months' lifehack.
* Text-cracking effect on click for the navbar items, matching the hammer-coming-down faux-animation on laptops, desktops, and larger tablets


## Technologies

 * HTML
    * The structure of the Website was developed using HTML as the main language.
 * CSS
    * The Website was styled using custom CSS in an external file.
 * GitPod and Codeanywhere
    * The website was developed using CodeAnywhere and Gitpod
 * GitHub
    * Source code is hosted on GitHub and delpoyed using Git Pages.
 * Git 
    * Used to commit and push code during the development of the Website
 * Font Awesome
    * Icons obtained from https://fontawesome.com/ were used as the Social media links in the footer section. 
 * Unsplash
    * Unsplash was used to get most of the images for this site, barring the lifehack ones
 * WebP.to
    * WebPs were edited using WebP.to
 * Convert.io
    * favicon was made using Convert.io
 * Quillbot
	 * Quillbot was used to rewrite sections taken from https://www.familyhandyman.com/list/life-hacks-youll-wish-you-knew-sooner/ 
## Testing 

### Responsiveness

All pages were tested to ensure responsiveness on screen sizes from 320px and upwards as defined in [WCAG 2.1 Reflow criteria for responsive design](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/reflow.html) on Chrome, Edge, Firefox and Opera browsers.

Steps to test:

1. Open browser and navigate to [Task Smasher](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/index.html)
2. Open the developer tools (right click and inspect)
3. Set to responsive and decrease width to 320px
4. Set the zoom to 50%
5. Click and drag the responsive window to maximum width

Expected:

Consistent, easy to read content across all screen sizes
Content of the site changes in style, but not overall effect, as the screen grows larger
More screen size means more content, specifically the appearance of the mindset boxes

Actual:

Website succeeded expectations, showing no compatibility errors on Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari, or OperaGX. 

### Accessibility

[Wave Accessibility](https://wave.webaim.org/) tool was used throughout development and for final testing of the deployed website to check for any aid accessibility testing.

Testing was focused to ensure the following criteria were met:

- All forms have associated labels or aria-labels so that this is read out on a screen reader to users who tab to form inputs
- Color contrasts meet a minimum ratio as specified in [WCAG 2.1 Contrast Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/contrast-minimum.html)
- Heading levels are not missed or skipped to ensure the importance of content is relayed correctly to the end user
- All content is contained within landmarks to ensure ease of use for assistive technology, allowing the user to navigate by page regions
- HTML page lang attribute has been set
- Aria properties have been implemented correctly
- WCAG 2.1 Coding best practices being followed

Manual tests were also performed to ensure the website was accessible as possible and an accessibility issue was identified.

Images within DIVs, relying on a background image property, were not able to be given alt-text in a way that retains site functionality and feel. 

### Lighthouse Testing

![Home](docs/testing/index_lighthouse.JPG)

![Story](docs/testing/story_lighthouse.JPG)

![Signup](docs/testing/signup_lighthouse.JPG)

### Functional Testing

**Navigation Links**

Testing was performed to ensure all navigation links on the respective pages, navigated to the correct pages as per design. This was done by clicking on the navigation links on each page.

| Navigation Link | Page to Load    |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Smash Those Tasks!            | index.html      |
| Our Story       | our_story.html |
| Sign Up         | signup.html    |

Links on all pages navigated to the correct pages as exptected.

**Form Testing**

The form on the home page was tested to ensure it functioned as expected when correct data was input and when incorrect data was input. The following test scenarios were covered:

_Scenario One - Correct Inputs on Footer_

Steps to test:

1. Navigate to [Task Smasher -- Home Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/index.html) or [Task Smasher -- Our Story](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/our_story.html)
2. Scroll down to the form and input the following data:
   - Email: email@gmail.com
3. Click Submit
4. User should be redirected to CI form success page.

Expected:

Form submits with no warnings or errors and user is redirected to CI form success page.

Actual:

Website behaved as expected with no errors or warnings and redirected to CI form success page.

True on both pages.

_Scenario Two - Correct Inputs on Signup Page_

Steps to test:

1. Navigate to [Task Smasher -- Signup Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/signup.html)
2. Scroll down to the form and input the following data:
   - Email
3. Click Submit
4. User should be redirected to CI form success page.


Expected:

Form submits with no warnings or errors and user is redirected to CI form success page.

Actual:

Website behaved as expected with no errors or warnings and redirected to CI form success page.


_Scenario Three - Not an Email_

Steps to test:

1. Navigate to [Task Smasher -- Signup Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/signup.html),  [Task Smasher -- Our Story](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/our_story.html) (footer),  [Task Smasher -- Home Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/index.html) (footer)
2. Scroll down to the form and input the following data:
   - John.com
3. Click Submit

Expected:

The form does not submit and an Error is displayed to tell the user that the field is required.

Actual:

Website behaved as expected, error message was displayed and the form did not submit.



**Footer Social Media Icons / Links**

Testing was performed on the Font Awesome Social Media icons in the footer to ensure that each one opened in a new tab and that each one had a hover affect of the orange branding color.

Each item opened a new tab when clicked as expected and correct hover color was present.

**Footer Contact Information**

Testing was performed on the phone number in the contact information section of the footer to ensure behaviour was as expected.

_Steps to test Telephone Number_

1. Navigate to [Tacos Travels - Home Page](https://gareth-mcgirr.github.io/tacos-travels/index.html)
2. Click the phone number in the footer (01 123 456 789)

Expected:

A window is opened asking which device you would like to call from.

Actual:

Behavior was as expected and the window presented me with the following option to call:

- Oukitel Mobile Phone

_Steps to test Email Link_

1. Navigate to [Tacos Travels - Home Page](https://gareth-mcgirr.github.io/tacos-travels/index.html)
2. Click the email address in the footer (taco@gmail.com)

Expected:

A windows popup is displayed asking what application you would like to send a mail from or your default email application is opened.

Actual:

Behavior was as expected and my outlook application was opened ready to send an email to the target address.

### Validator Testing 

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org)

![Contact HTML Validator Results](docs/testing/index_validator.JPG)

![Avdentures HTML Validator Results](docs/testing/story_validator.JPG)

![Home HTML Validator Results](docs/testing/signup_validator.JPG)


- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org)

![CSS Validator Results](docs/testing/css_validator.JPG)

### Unfixed Bugs

 - FA icons stick too closely to the headings on our_story.html, could
   not find a quick fix for this. Will be fixed in a future release.

Commit message:

content: fix footer test section to reflect work done

README.md, after:

# Task Smasher!

Task Smasher is a life-hack website aiming to create not just a useful resource, but also a community of time-starved people -- ultimately, with the motivation of gaining more free-time. Currently, the idea is that more and more people will send in their own life-hacks, and the best of them will replace the previous winners every month. Along with helpful content, the site is designed to always have the option to join the newsletter or otherwise get in touch readily-available, since community-interaction is vital for its survival.

![Mockup](docs/readme_images/mockup.JPG)

## Features 

### Site wide
* Navigation Menu
    * Links to "Smash Those Tasks!" (home), "Our Story" (about), and Sign Up pages
    * This menu is responsive, and changes its design based on viewing device (see responsiveness section for more info).
    * The fixed position of the nav bar will keep users from having to scroll back up to the top to reach the two other pages.
    * Each page has its name underlined on the nav menu, meaning there's no way to get confused about which page a user is on.

![Nav Menu](docs/readme_images/navigation_menu.JPG)
* Footer
    * Links to Youtube, Instagram, and Facebook, all of which open in a new tab -- these are focused towards the bottom-left side of the footer.
    * A subscribe bar is present in the footer on the pages index.html and our_story.html, allowing readers to subscribe without going to signup.html.

![Footer](docs/readme_images/footer.JPG)
* Favicon
    * A miniature version of the image found on index.html on larger devices serves as the favicon.
    * By using an icon that sticks with the blacksmith aesthetic of the website, users will easily be able to tell which tab contains Task Smasher.

![Favicon](docs/readme_images/favicon.JPG)
* Satisfying Buttons
    * Interactive elements across the site are designed in such a way to make it feel good to click and hover them.
    * This means that the navbar icons show a hammer on mouseover, and a downward-facing hammer on click.
    * The center-piece images on index.html and our_story.html, as well as the signup form on signup.html, all pulse on interaction.
    * The signup button on signup.html will also change to orange on click, making the illusion of a hammer hitting hot iron when combined with the grey pulsing animation
    * The signup form in the footer has no effects like this, since that would distract from the site's main content and become awkward for the user experience.

![Buttons](docs/readme_images/satisfying-buttons.JPG)

 - Hero Image
	 * A large picture of a hammer striking the ground, surrounded by broken
   glass.
	 * This picture is present on all screens and on all devices, helping   
   maintain a consistent feel across the site.

![HeroImage](docs/readme_images/satisfying-buttons.JPG)

 - Secondary mindset box
	 * On larger devices, a box between the hero image and the page's
   content displays This box changes on every tab, with the intention of
   cheering on the page user.
	 * Each page's mindset box is focused on things to keep in mind, other
   than the signup page, which assumes the user is already aware --
   instead, it further encourages them to commit.
	 * This allows the signup page to be short and succinct, having only one
   clear thing to do with minimal distraction.
   
![Mindset](docs/readme_images/mindset1.JPG)
![Mindset](docs/readme_images/mindset2.JPG)
![Mindset](docs/readme_images/mindset3.JPG)

### Landing Page
* The life-hacks themselves
    * This is a collection of four life-hacks, initially chosen by the website creator, but with the intent of being a sort of competition.
    * Users will submit their own lifehacks through the email in the footer, or by subscribing and getting the email that way.
    * Every month, four new lifehacks will be selected for the front-page. This friendly competition will encourage users to consistently return to the site.

![Landing Page Image](docs/readme_images/life_hacks.JPG)
* Secondary attention-grabbing picture
    * On larger devices, the pictures of the lifehack are replaced by a central picture of a blacksmith.
    * This allows users on larger devices to have greater visual appeal, since the short nature of the life-hack descriptions means less interactivity on devices which require less scrolling.
    * Further, this image is interactive, pulsing when moused over.

![Blacksmith](docs/readme_images/landing_page_image.JPG)




### Story Page
* The backstory
    * The website reads left to right, taking the users on the journey of what inspired this site.
    * This page functions to both build trust in the users, and set the website apart from other life-hack sites.
    * By sharing these personal backstories, as well as a clear goal, the story page will hopefully generate a humanizing response and emotional tie-in with the users.
    * The last paragraph ends with a link to signup.html, further herding users to subscribe to the website and, hopefully, add to its content.

![story](docs/readme_images/story.JPG)
![story](docs/readme_images/story-link.JPG)

### Sign Up Page
* Quick, to the point
    * In contrast to the other two pages, this page only has a field to input their email and press subscribe.
    * While technically content that was available on the other two pages, the reasoning behind this page is to have an *extremely* clear call-to-action, as well as a reference point for the story page to lead to.
    * To compensate for relatively sparse content on this page, however, the mindset box serves as a final "closing" to get the user to subscribe to the newsletter.
    * In contrast to the footer's email form, this one is rewarding to interact with, pulsing on mouseover and activation.
    * As previously mentioned, the form button also switches color to mimic the color of steel after being hit with a blacksmith's hammer.
    * The footer on this page, rather than a second signup form, contains links to the other two pages -- just in case the user is unsure of committing just yet.
    * Successful signup leads to a success page.

![Signup](docs/readme_images/signup.JPG)
![Signup](docs/readme_images/button.JPG)
![Signup](docs/readme_images/signupfooter.JPG)
![Signup](docs/readme_images/successpage.JPG)

### Existing Features

* Responsive design
* Interaction-rewarding buttons
* Pulsing main images on index.html and our_story.html
* Overall design made to reward friendly competition, repeat visits, and early committment
* Humanizing backstories, emotional tie-ins, and continuous encouragement throughout the our_story page
* Concise and blunt signup page
*  Successful signup leads to a success page
* 3 Adventure trips and information

### Features Left to Implement

* Converting the tablet view of the lifehacks into a flashcard design, flipping around to show the text on click. This will be added in a future version.
* A hall of fame page, showing previous "winners" in the competition for the relevant months' lifehack.
* Text-cracking effect on click for the navbar items, matching the hammer-coming-down faux-animation on laptops, desktops, and larger tablets


## Technologies

 * HTML
    * The structure of the Website was developed using HTML as the main language.
 * CSS
    * The Website was styled using custom CSS in an external file.
 * GitPod and Codeanywhere
    * The website was developed using CodeAnywhere and Gitpod
 * GitHub
    * Source code is hosted on GitHub and delpoyed using Git Pages.
 * Git 
    * Used to commit and push code during the development of the Website
 * Font Awesome
    * Icons obtained from https://fontawesome.com/ were used as the Social media links in the footer section. 
 * Unsplash
    * Unsplash was used to get most of the images for this site, barring the lifehack ones
 * WebP.to
    * WebPs were edited using WebP.to
 * Convert.io
    * favicon was made using Convert.io
 * Quillbot
	 * Quillbot was used to rewrite sections taken from https://www.familyhandyman.com/list/life-hacks-youll-wish-you-knew-sooner/ 

## Testing 

### Responsiveness

All pages were tested to ensure responsiveness on screen sizes from 320px and upwards as defined in [WCAG 2.1 Reflow criteria for responsive design](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/reflow.html) on Chrome, Edge, Firefox and Opera browsers.

Steps to test:

1. Open browser and navigate to [Task Smasher](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/index.html)
2. Open the developer tools (right click and inspect)
3. Set to responsive and decrease width to 320px
4. Set the zoom to 50%
5. Click and drag the responsive window to maximum width

Expected:

Consistent, easy to read content across all screen sizes
Content of the site changes in style, but not overall effect, as the screen grows larger
More screen size means more content, specifically the appearance of the mindset boxes

Actual:

Website succeeded expectations, showing no compatibility errors on Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari, or OperaGX. 


### Accessibility

[Wave Accessibility](https://wave.webaim.org/) tool was used throughout development and for final testing of the deployed website to check for any aid accessibility testing.

Testing was focused to ensure the following criteria were met:

- All forms have associated labels or aria-labels so that this is read out on a screen reader to users who tab to form inputs
- Color contrasts meet a minimum ratio as specified in [WCAG 2.1 Contrast Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/contrast-minimum.html)
- Heading levels are not missed or skipped to ensure the importance of content is relayed correctly to the end user
- All content is contained within landmarks to ensure ease of use for assistive technology, allowing the user to navigate by page regions
- HTML page lang attribute has been set
- Aria properties have been implemented correctly
- WCAG 2.1 Coding best practices being followed

Manual tests were also performed to ensure the website was accessible as possible and an accessibility issue was identified.

Images within DIVs, relying on a background image property, were not able to be given alt-text in a way that retains site functionality and feel. 

### Lighthouse Testing

![Home](docs/testing/index_lighthouse.JPG)

![Story](docs/testing/story_lighthouse.JPG)

![Signup](docs/testing/signup_lighthouse.JPG)

### Functional Testing

**Navigation Links**

Testing was performed to ensure all navigation links on the respective pages, navigated to the correct pages as per design. This was done by clicking on the navigation links on each page.

| Navigation Link | Page to Load    |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Smash Those Tasks!            | index.html      |
| Our Story       | our_story.html |
| Sign Up         | signup.html    |

Links on all pages navigated to the correct pages as exptected.

**Form Testing**

The form on the home page was tested to ensure it functioned as expected when correct data was input and when incorrect data was input. The following test scenarios were covered:

_Scenario One - Correct Inputs on Footer_

Steps to test:

1. Navigate to [Task Smasher -- Home Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/index.html) or [Task Smasher -- Our Story](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/our_story.html)
2. Scroll down to the form and input the following data:
   - Email: email@gmail.com
3. Click Submit
4. User should be redirected to CI form success page.

Expected:

Form submits with no warnings or errors and user is redirected to CI form success page.

Actual:

Website behaved as expected with no errors or warnings and redirected to CI form success page.

True on both pages.

_Scenario Two - Correct Inputs on Signup Page_

Steps to test:

1. Navigate to [Task Smasher -- Signup Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/signup.html)
2. Scroll down to the form and input the following data:
   - Email
3. Click Submit
4. User should be redirected to CI form success page.


Expected:

Form submits with no warnings or errors and user is redirected to CI form success page.

Actual:

Website behaved as expected with no errors or warnings and redirected to CI form success page.


_Scenario Three - Not an Email_

Steps to test:

1. Navigate to [Task Smasher -- Signup Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/signup.html),  [Task Smasher -- Our Story](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/our_story.html) (footer),  [Task Smasher -- Home Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/index.html) (footer)
2. Scroll down to the form and input the following data:
   - John.com
3. Click Submit

Expected:

The form does not submit and an Error is displayed to tell the user that the field is required.

Actual:

Website behaved as expected, error message was displayed and the form did not submit.



**Footer Social Media Icons / Links**

Testing was performed on the Font Awesome Social Media icons in the footer to ensure that each one opened in a new tab and that each one had a hover affect of the orange branding color.

Each item opened a new tab when clicked as expected and correct hover color was present.

**Footer Contact Information**

Testing was performed on the email to ensure it opens in a new tab, and also sends to the correct email.

_Steps to test Telephone Number_

1. Navigate to [Task Smasher - Home Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/index.html) or [Task Smasher - Story Page](https://acelliott1218.github.io/task-smasher/our_story.html)
2. Click the email in the footer (tasksmasher@gmail.com)

Expected:

A separate tab opens to an email application, with the relevant email prefilled.

Actual:

Behavior was as expected and my outlook application was opened ready to send an email to the target address.

### Validator Testing 

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org)

![Contact HTML Validator Results](docs/testing/index_validator.JPG)

![Avdentures HTML Validator Results](docs/testing/story_validator.JPG)

![Home HTML Validator Results](docs/testing/signup_validator.JPG)


- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org)

![CSS Validator Results](docs/testing/css_validator.JPG)

### Unfixed Bugs

 - FA icons stick too closely to the headings on our_story.html, could
   not find a quick fix for this. Will be fixed in a future release.
